aa	aa	aa	aa	non	non	non	non	short vowel	vowel & semi-vowel
ae	ae	ae	ae	non	non	non	non	short vowel	vowel & semi-vowel
ah	ah	ah	ah	non	non	non	non	short vowel	vowel & semi-vowel
ao	ao	aa	ao	non	non	non	non	short vowel	vowel & semi-vowel
aw	aw	aw	aw	non	non	non	non	long vowel	vowel & semi-vowel
ax	ax	ah	ax	non	non	non	non	short vowel	vowel & semi-vowel
ax-h	ax	ah	ax	non	non	non	non	short vowel	vowel & semi-vowel
axr	er	er	er	non	non	non	non	long vowel	vowel & semi-vowel
ay	ay	ay	ay	non	non	non	non	long vowel	vowel & semi-vowel
b	b	b	non	b	non	non	non	plosive	plosive
bcl	vcl	sil	non	non	non	non	vcl	silence	silence
ch	ch	ch	non	non	ch	non	non	strong fricative	fricative
d	d	d	non	d	non	non	non	plosive	plosive
dcl	vcl	sil	non	non	non	non	vcl	silence	silence
dh	dh	dh	non	non	dh	non	non	weak fricative	fricative
dx	dx	dx	non	non	non	dx	non	nasal/flap	nasal/flap
eh	eh	eh	eh	non	non	non	non	short vowel	vowel & semi-vowel
el	el	l	el	non	non	non	non	semi-vowel	vowel & semi-vowel
em	m	m	non	non	non	m	non	nasal/flap	nasal/flap
en	en	n	non	non	non	en	non	nasal/flap	nasal/flap
eng	ng	ng	non	non	non	ng	non	nasal/flap	nasal/flap
epi	epi	sil	non	non	non	non	epi	silence	silence
er	er	er	er	non	non	non	non	long vowel	vowel & semi-vowel
ey	ey	ey	ey	non	non	non	non	long vowel	vowel & semi-vowel
f	f	f	non	non	f	non	non	weak fricative	fricative
g	g	g	non	g	non	non	non	plosive	plosive
gcl	vcl	sil	non	non	non	non	vcl	silence	silence
h#	sil	sil	non	non	non	non	sil	silence	silence
hh	hh	hh	non	non	hh	non	non	weak fricative	fricative
hv	hh	hh	non	non	hh	non	non	weak fricative	fricative
ih	ih	ih	ih	non	non	non	non	short vowel	vowel & semi-vowel
ix	ix	ih	ix	non	non	non	non	short vowel	vowel & semi-vowel
iy	iy	iy	iy	non	non	non	non	long vowel	vowel & semi-vowel
jh	jh	jh	non	non	jh	non	non	strong fricative	fricative
k	k	k	non	k	non	non	non	plosive	plosive
kcl	cl	sil	non	non	non	non	cl	silence	silence
l	l	l	l	non	non	non	non	semi-vowel	vowel & semi-vowel
m	m	m	non	non	non	m	non	nasal/flap	nasal/flap
n	n	n	non	non	non	n	non	nasal/flap	nasal/flap
ng	ng	ng	non	non	non	ng	non	nasal/flap	nasal/flap
nx	n	n	non	non	non	n	non	nasal/flap	nasal/flap
ow	ow	ow	ow	non	non	non	non	long vowel	vowel & semi-vowel
oy	oy	oy	oy	non	non	non	non	long vowel	vowel & semi-vowel
p	p	p	non	p	non	non	non	plosive	plosive
pau	sil	sil	non	non	non	non	sil	silence	silence
pcl	cl	sil	non	non	non	non	cl	silence	silence
q	cl	sil	non	non	non	non	cl	silence	silence
r	r	r	r	non	non	non	non	semi-vowel	vowel & semi-vowel
s	s	s	non	non	s	non	non	strong fricative	fricative
sh	sh	sh	non	non	sh	non	non	strong fricative	fricative
t	t	t	non	t	non	non	non	plosive	plosive
tcl	cl	sil	non	non	non	non	cl	silence	silence
th	th	th	non	non	th	non	non	weak fricative	fricative
uh	uh	uh	uh	non	non	non	non	short vowel	vowel & semi-vowel
uw	uw	uw	uw	non	non	non	non	long vowel	vowel & semi-vowel
ux	uw	uw	uw	non	non	non	non	long vowel	vowel & semi-vowel
v	v	v	non	non	v	non	non	weak fricative	fricative
w	w	w	w	non	non	non	non	semi-vowel	vowel & semi-vowel
y	y	y	y	non	non	non	non	semi-vowel	vowel & semi-vowel
z	z	z	non	non	z	non	non	strong fricative	fricative
zh	zh	sh	non	non	zh	non	non	strong fricative	fricative